this is a Bridget diva do and the best
part about it is you can use it for
proms weddings and so any sort of formal
event where you'd like to have the look
of a formal salon updo without paying
those salon high prices
first of all comb forward a large
section over here basically starting at
the at the ear line where your ears are
again use the hidden comb and place the
teeth at the hairline
once the diva do is in place take the
front section of hair and comb it
straight back directly over the diva do
once you have that in place take the
side section of hair and pull it
directly over on a diagonal across that
section of hair once you smooth your
hair over the diva do take your favorite
Brett or other hair accessory to hold
the hair in place for added security if
you'd like to take the surface of your
diva do and spray hairspray directly on
that and then place your hair over the
top of it that's also effective diva do
get to do without the damage don't
forget to visit our website at WWDC some
of the exciting hairstyles that people
have come up with but also to find out
what great retailers in your area are
currently carrying our product